add PR approval process (#123)
cncf/cnf-wg: charter.md

#### Effect on representation

After any election, the results may indicate that a particular entity is overrepresented for a role, having won more seats than the limit.  In this event, the maximum number of the members belonging to that entity shall be calculated, and members belonging to the entity having the least votes will be excluded from the role until the entity is fairly represented.  Where there is a tie, a coin toss or other random selection mechanism shall be used to choose who is allocated the seat.

## PR Approval Process

> Use cases and best practices need approval from at least two tech leads to be merged. Approval from three community members can substitute for one tech lead vote. Merging may be veoted by the co-chairs with a vote of at least 2/3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use cases and best practices need approval from at least two tech leads to be merged. Approval from three community members can substitute for one tech lead vote. Merging may be vetoed by the co-chairs with a vote of at least 2/3.
```

> Use cases and best practices need approval from at least two tech leads to be merged. Approval from three community members can substitute for one tech lead vote. Merging may be vetoed by the co-chairs with a vote of at least 2/3.

Reviewer: Need to establish specifically what a tech lead is. Is it one tech lead or both that can be replaced by 3 community votes?

> Charter updates need approval from at least two co-chairs. A co-chair vote can be replaced by the approval of two tech leads.

Reviewer: @fkautz "This is somewhat of a low bar for replacing the co-chair"

> Changes to fix broken links, typos, small gramatical phrasing, or other editorial issues can be merged with the approval any co-chair or tech lead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes to fix broken links, typos, small grammatical phrasing, or other editorial issues can be merged with the approval of any co-chair or tech lead.
```

> Changes to fix broken links, typos, small grammatical phrasing, or other editorial issues can be merged with the approval of any co-chair or tech lead.

Reviewer 2: This last criteria covers the rest of the cases so what about something like 
```suggestion
Any other change like fix broken links, typos, small grammatical phrasing, or other editorial issues can be merged with the approval of any co-chair or tech lead.
```
